you
we can compute this maximum regular
estimated by using the e/m algorithm so
in the east step we now have to
introduce more hidden variables because
we have more topics so our hidden
variable Z now which is a topic
indicator can take on more than two
values specifically we'll take a k plus
1 values with be denoting the background
and once okay to denote all the K topics
so now the East step as you can recall
is to augment the data and by predicting
the values of the hidden variable so
we're going to predict for a word
whether the word has come from one of
these k plus one distributions this
equation allows us to predict the
probability level the word w in document
D is generated from topic of theta sub J
and the bottom one is the predicted
probability this word has been generated
from the background note that we use
document D here to index the world why
because whether a word is from a
particular topic actually depends on the
document can you see why well it's
through the pies the pies are tied to
each document each document I can have a
potential to differ in the pies the pies
will then affect our prediction so the
pies are here and this depends on the
document and that might give different a
gasp of a word for a word in different
documents and that's desirable in both
cases we are using the baseball as I
explained basically assessing the
likelihood of generating worth in from
each distribution and there's mobilized
what about the end step well we may
recall the end step is to take advantage
of the inverted Z values to split the
counts and then collect the right comes
to real smeet parameters so in this case
we can resubmit our coverage probability
and this is Riyaz method based on
collecting all the
words in the document and that's why we
have the counter of the world in
document and sum over all the words and
then we're going to look at the twelve
extended this world belongs to the top
curves see the subject and this part is
our guest from each step and this tells
us how likely this word is actually from
sidon subject and when we multiply them
together we get the discounted account
that's allocated before topicals theta
subject and when we normalize this over
all the topics we get the distribution
over all the topics to indicate the
coverage and similarly the bottom one is
to reiterate the probability of a word
for a topic now in this case we're using
exactly the same count you can see this
is the same discounted count and it
tells us to what extent we should
allocate this word to top the thinner
subject but the normalization is
different because in this case we are
interested in the world distribution so
we simply normalize this over all the
words like this is different in contrast
here we normalize the among all the
topics they will be useful to take a
comparison between the two right this
gives us different the distributions and
these tells us how to improve the
parameters and as I just explained in
both is that per formulas we have a
maximum like estimated based on the
allocated the word counts two topical
zein subject now this phenomena is
actually a general phenomenon in all the
IAM algorithms in the any step you
general will compute the expected
account of event based from the estep
result and then you just collected the
relevant accounts for a particular
parameter and we estimated normalize it
typically so in terms of computation of
this EML reason we can actually just
keep accounting various events and then
normalize them
and when we think in this way we also
have a more concise way of presenting
the EEM now isn't it
after helps us better understand that
the the formulas so I'm gonna go over
this in some detail so as an algorithm
we first initialize all the unknown
parameters randomly I so in our case we
are interested in all those coverage
parameters pipes and water distribution
to see us and we just read them in
normalize them this is the
initialization step and then we will
repeat that until likely holder
converges now how do we know whether
like our converges we're going to
compute a like holder at the each step
and the comparator covered like with the
previous like whole if it doesn't change
much and we're going to say it stopped
right so in each step we're going to
easy step and M step in the east step
we're going to augment the data by
predicting the rent the hidden variable
variables in this case the hidden
variable Z sub TW indicates where the
word in wmd is from topic or or
background and if it's from a topic on
which topic so if you can look at the
estep formulas essentially we're
actually normalizing these accounts or
sorry these are probabilities of
observing the word from each
distribution so you can see basically
the prediction of word from topicals
theta sub J is based on the probability
of selecting that theta sub J as a order
to begin to generate the world
multiplied by the probability of
observing the world from that
distribution and I said it's
proportional to this because in
competing the implementation of EMM
you can just keep account counter for
this quantity and then in the end you
just normalize it so the normalization
here is over all the topics and then you
will get a probability now in the end
step we do the same and we are going to
collect these
allocated accounts for each topic and we
split words among the topics and then
we're going to normalize them in
different ways to obtain the we estimate
so for example we can normalize among
all the topics to get the rest made of
PI the coverage or we can renormalize
based on the for all the words and that
would give us a word distribution so
it's useful to think of the algorithm in
this way because when you implement it
you can use the use variables to keep
track of these these quantities in each
case and then you just normalize these
these variables to make them a
distribution now I did not put a
constraint for this one and I
intentionally leave this as an exercise
for you and you can see what's the
normalizer for this one it's a slightly
different form but it's essentially the
same as the one that you have seen here
namely this one so in general england
and aging of PM allison you will see you
accumulate the count
various counts and then you normalize
them so to summarize we introduced the
PRSA model which is a mixture model with
k unigram language models representing k
topics and we also add a pretty term in
the background language model to help
with discover discriminative topics
because this background language model
can help attract the common terms and we
show that with maximum likelihood
estimator we can discover top your
knowledge from text data in this case
PRSA allows us to discover two things
one is k water distributions each
representing a topic and the other is
the proportion of each topic in each
document and such detail careful
characterization of coverage of topics
in documents can enable a lot of further
analysis for example we can aggregate
the documents
in the particular time period to assess
the coverage of a particular topic in a
time period that would allow the
regenerate the temporal change of topics
we also aggregate topics covered in
documents associated with a particular
author and then we can characterize the
topics written by this author etc and in
addition to these we can also cluster
terms and cust documents in fact the
each topical can be regarded as a
cluster so we already have term clusters
and the high probability water can be
regarded as in Blowing to 1 cluster
represented by the topic similarly the
document can be clustered in the same
way we can assign a document to the
topic cluster that covered most in the
document so remember pies indicate to
what extent each topic is covering the
document we can assign the document to
the topic of cluster that has the
highest and PI and in general there are
many useful applications of this
technique
you